hey guys grant datos with your everybody
tip of the week excuse the belt in the
background there today we're going to
talk about petrol needs from the
over/under position the 50-50 position
lot of different name so we called it
over under position it's a neutral
position all right we both have an
underhook he's got one with his right
arm i govern with my right arm and it
happens all the time in Italy even
though not always intentional we throw
that big st. she punches that would both
get tired we end up here you see boxers
in the pier on time of course in boxing
that's when the referee separates but we
need to use this position to our event
so in future videos most recent awesome
takedown and would stretch from this
position right now I'm focusing on the
needs a lot of people think unless we
have the plum position the muy Thai
Clinton oh that we can't throw needs and
that's not true we need space six weeks
ago in eight straight days so here's how
we're going to get it I'm going to put
both my GP foot plus you have mr. both
my hands under six guys I mentioned him
put it on the bony part of his hips I'm
locking my arms out and tell me to
double them up to do it whoa dude no
reason not to do too ok so we're here
hands on the hitch nope he's got nothing
to defend with at the moment because his
arms east along Z over under this is all
gonna happen quick kicked aside
typically if you have the right under up
right leg well to come right back in you
don't have to hang out there but keeps
keeps more we want gives us a space 12
right back in the next i will show you
from switch sides here Jeff's head is
often low just leave i am against the
cage a lot of time I could bring my knee
up here just to kiss with a brow get a
nice cut going not always in the job but
if this has not that we're up here I'm
going to use my overhand my over hook
side pushes him to that sound hey hey
now three ray ray and get over here this
is my own oxide this is my over one side
I take my overhead to push his head
further and now if I'm standing squared
in it I want to get my leg a little bit
more the backs who stood a little swish
step 02 all right by the time he figures
out what's going on there i might
shorten to take out of my own to really
do some damage there practice we'll see
you next week guys trade rd